# Neuro Web Application

This repository contains the web application for the Neuro project, which is designed to provide a user-friendly interface for interacting with the Neuro backend services. The web application allows users to visualize stroke risk predictions and medical advice generated by the Neuro backend server.

## Features

- **Visualization of Prediction Results**: Users can view the predictions and their corresponding probabilities in an interactive chart format.
- **Display of Medical Advice**: The application displays personalized medical advice generated by the Neuro backend server based on the user's health data and the prediction results.

- **Stroke Risk Prediction**: Users can input their health data and receive predictions regarding their risk of stroke.
- **Medical Analysis and chat features**


## Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the Repository**: Clone the Neuro Web Application repository to your local machine.

   ```
   git clone <repository_url>
   ```

2. **Install Dependencies**: Run the following command in the project directory to install all the required dependencies.

   ```
   npm install
   ```

3. **Run the Application**: Use the following command to start the application.

   ```
   npm start
   ```

   The application will be available at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Functionality

The Neuro web application provides users with an intuitive and informative interface for visualizing their stroke risk predictions and the corresponding medical advice. Users can easily navigate through the application and interact with the displayed data.

## Requirements

- Node.js
- NPM (Node Package Manager)


## Contributors

- Abraham Tilahun (https://github.com/abrish273)
- Fita Wegene (https://github.com/fi-taa)
- Michael Shimeles (https://github.com/michael-099)

Feel free to explore the code and make contributions to improve the application's functionality and user experience. If you encounter any issues or have any suggestions, please feel free to open an issue in the repository.